README.md, before:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<samp>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities">
    <img src="./src/images/logo2.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Cities</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Registration of people and cities.
    <br />
    <a href="https://cities-two.vercel.app/home"><strong>View Demo</strong></a>
    <br />
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<hr>

#### \* App auth is mocked with a fake token, use any valid email and at least 5 characters for password, for example:

<br>

```
mail@domain.com
12345
```

<hr>

### Login

[![Preview][product-screenshot]](https://cities-two.vercel.app)

### Dashboard

[![Preview][product-screenshot2]](https://cities-two.vercel.app)

### Listing People

[![Preview][product-screenshot3]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/people)

### Adding People

[![Preview][product-screenshot4]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/people/details/new)

### Editing People

[![Preview][product-screenshot5]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/people/details/1)

### Deleting People

[![Preview][product-screenshot6]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/people)

<hr>

#### \* The cities page is very similar to the people page, that's why there are no screenshots

<hr>

### Help

[![Preview][product-screenshot7]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/help)

### Info

[![Preview][product-screenshot8]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/info)

### Donate

[![Preview][product-screenshot9]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/donate)

### Example Light Mode

[![Preview][product-screenshot10]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/)

### Example Mobile

[![Preview][product-screenshot11]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/)

### Mobile Menu

[![Preview][product-screenshot12]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/)

This project was made and adapted during a React Tutorial by <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/LucasSouzaDev">Lucas Souza Dev</a>

The website is one page only:

- **Home**: home page, which will display the main content of the application.
- **People**: all registered people will be displayed, it is possible to filter people.
- **Cities**: all registered cities will be displayed <strong>(Not yet implemented)</strong>.
- **Help**: a help list will be displayed for a good use of the application <strong>(Not yet implemented)</strong>.
- **Info**: application information <strong>(Not yet implemented)</strong>.
- **Donate**: page to collaborate with the project <strong>(Not yet implemented)</strong>.

### Built With

Technologies used in the project.

### Technologies

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

### External Services

- [JSON Server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-server)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/ptbr/docs/intro)
- [Unform](https://github.com/unform/unform)
- [YUP](https://github.com/jquense/yup)

### Libraries

- [ReactJS](https://pt-br.reactjs.org/)
- [Material UI](https://mui.com/pt/)
- [Sweet Alert 2](https://sweetalert2.github.io/)
- [Animate CSS](https://animate.style/)
- [React Hot Toast](https://react-hot-toast.com/)

### Font Script

- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Silas Rodrigues - [@jinuye1](https://twitter.com/jinuye1) - silasrodrigues.fatec@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities](https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities) <br>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/blob/master/LICENSE
[product-screenshot]: ./public/screenshot_login.png
[product-screenshot2]: ./public/screenshot_dashboard.png
[product-screenshot3]: ./public/screenshot_listing_people.png
[product-screenshot4]: ./public/screenshot_adding_people.png
[product-screenshot5]: ./public/screenshot_editing_people.png
[product-screenshot6]: ./public/screenshot_deleting_people.png
[product-screenshot7]: ./public/screenshot_help.png
[product-screenshot8]: ./public/screenshot_info.png
[product-screenshot9]: ./public/screenshot_donate.png
[product-screenshot10]: ./public/screenshot_example_light.png
[product-screenshot11]: ./public/screenshot_example_mobile.png
[product-screenshot12]: ./public/screenshot_example_mobile_menu.png
[license-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/blob/master/LICENSE

<br>

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

<br><hr>
[🔼 Back to top](#Cities)

Commit message:

docs: update explanation about the project pages

README.md, after:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<samp>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities">
    <img src="./src/images/logo2.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Cities</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Registration of people and cities.
    <br />
    <a href="https://cities-two.vercel.app/home"><strong>View Demo</strong></a>
    <br />
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<hr>

#### \* App auth is mocked with a fake token, use any valid email and at least 5 characters for password, for example:

<br>

```
mail@domain.com
12345
```

<hr>

### Login

[![Preview][product-screenshot]](https://cities-two.vercel.app)

### Dashboard

[![Preview][product-screenshot2]](https://cities-two.vercel.app)

### Listing People

[![Preview][product-screenshot3]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/people)

### Adding People

[![Preview][product-screenshot4]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/people/details/new)

### Editing People

[![Preview][product-screenshot5]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/people/details/1)

### Deleting People

[![Preview][product-screenshot6]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/people)

<hr>

#### \* The cities page is very similar to the people page, that's why there are no screenshots

<hr>

### Help

[![Preview][product-screenshot7]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/help)

### Info

[![Preview][product-screenshot8]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/info)

### Donate

[![Preview][product-screenshot9]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/donate)

### Example Light Mode

[![Preview][product-screenshot10]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/)

### Example Mobile

[![Preview][product-screenshot11]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/)

### Mobile Menu

[![Preview][product-screenshot12]](https://cities-two.vercel.app/)

This project was made and adapted during a React Tutorial by <a href="https://www.youtube.com/c/LucasSouzaDev">Lucas Souza Dev</a>

The pages of this project are described below:

- **Login**: login page with a token to simulate securing private routes.
- **Home**: home page with speed dial to other pages and information displayed in graphic format.
- **People**: all registered people will be displayed, it is possible to filter, add, edit and delete people, it's possible to link a person to a city.
- **Cities**: all registered cities will be displayed it is possible to filter, add, edit and delete cities.
- **Help**: a help list with simulated FAQ's.
- **Info**: mission, vision and values ​​of the fictitious company.
- **Donate**: page to donate to the project or share on Facebook to promote.
- **Light / Dark**: toggle between dark and light mode.

### Built With

Technologies used in the project.

### Technologies

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

### External Services

- [JSON Server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-server)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/ptbr/docs/intro)
- [Unform](https://github.com/unform/unform)
- [YUP](https://github.com/jquense/yup)

### Libraries

- [ReactJS](https://pt-br.reactjs.org/)
- [Material UI](https://mui.com/pt/)
- [Sweet Alert 2](https://sweetalert2.github.io/)
- [Animate CSS](https://animate.style/)
- [React Hot Toast](https://react-hot-toast.com/)

### Font Script

- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Silas Rodrigues - [@jinuye1](https://twitter.com/jinuye1) - silasrodrigues.fatec@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities](https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities) <br>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/SilasRodrigues19/Cities.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/blob/master/LICENSE
[product-screenshot]: ./public/screenshot_login.png
[product-screenshot2]: ./public/screenshot_dashboard.png
[product-screenshot3]: ./public/screenshot_listing_people.png
[product-screenshot4]: ./public/screenshot_adding_people.png
[product-screenshot5]: ./public/screenshot_editing_people.png
[product-screenshot6]: ./public/screenshot_deleting_people.png
[product-screenshot7]: ./public/screenshot_help.png
[product-screenshot8]: ./public/screenshot_info.png
[product-screenshot9]: ./public/screenshot_donate.png
[product-screenshot10]: ./public/screenshot_example_light.png
[product-screenshot11]: ./public/screenshot_example_mobile.png
[product-screenshot12]: ./public/screenshot_example_mobile_menu.png
[license-url]: https://github.com/SilasRodrigues19/Cities/blob/master/LICENSE

<br>

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

<br><hr>
[🔼 Back to top](#Cities)
